add description for antragsdocument: fileName and fileContent explained (#1)
europace/kex-antragsdokumente-upload-api: README.md

The following properties are available for the request body:

 Request parameter            | Description                                                   | Comment                                                        
------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------
 antragsnummer                | Identifier of the application on the Europace2 platform       | Mandatory if no **produktanbieterantragsnummer** is submitted. 
 produktanbieterantragsnummer | Identifier of the application to the relevant Produktanbieter | Mandatory if no **antragsnummer** is submitted.                
 kommentar                    | Comment, that can be displayed in the GUI                     | Optional                                                       
 antragsdokument              | The document to be uploaded                                   | Mandatory                                                      
 antragsdokument.fileName     | The document's file name                                      | Mandatory                                                      

>  antragsdokument.fileContent  | The document's content as a byte array                        | Mandatory                                                      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 antragsdokument.fileContent  | The document's content as a base64 encoded string                        | Mandatory                                                      
```

>  antragsdokument.fileContent  | The document's content as a base64 encoded string                        | Mandatory                                                      

Reviewer: die Position der `|` ist hier etwas verrutscht
